Add basic styled text documentation (#10296)
slint-ui/slint: docs/astro/src/content/docs/reference/elements/styled-text.mdx

The letter spacing allows changing the spacing between the glyphs. A positive value increases the spacing and a negative value decreases the distance.
</SlintProperty>

### overflow
<SlintProperty propName="overflow" typeName="enum" enumName="TextOverflow"/>

### text
<SlintProperty propName="text" typeName="styled-text" defaultValue='""' >
The styled text rendered, using CommonMark markup with additional HTML tags for styling.

</SlintProperty>

### vertical-alignment
<SlintProperty propName="vertical-alignment" typeName="enum" enumName="TextVerticalAlignment"/>

### wrap
<SlintProperty propName="wrap" typeName="enum" enumName="TextWrap"/>

### stroke
<SlintProperty propName="stroke" typeName="brush">
The brush used for the text outline.
</SlintProperty>

###  stroke-width
<SlintProperty propName="stroke-width" typeName="length" >
The width of the text outline. If the width is zero, then a hairline stroke (1 physical pixel) will be rendered.
</SlintProperty>

###  stroke-style
<SlintProperty propName="stroke-style" typeName="enum" enumName="TextStrokeStyle"/>

### link-clicked
<SlintProperty propName="link-clicked" typeName="callback" >

> A callback that fires when a link in the text is clicked. The parameter contains the clicked link as a string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A callback that's invoked when a link in the text is clicked. The parameter contains the clicked link as a string.
```
